<!-- Date: 6 January 2016 16:17:04 -->

- - -

[Home](./markdown/README.md "Home") | README | Table of Contents

- - -

# rwgrayprojects.com-Mirror

This repository is a mirror of rwgrayprojects.com, [the website of Robert W. Gray](http://www.rwgrayprojects.com/ "rwgrayprojects.com"). The website is old, but a lot of the content is useful and worth maintaining.

There are two main sections to this repository, the `markdown` folder, and the `original` folder.  

## Original Folder

The `original` folder is a raw clone of the site generated by HTTrack Website Copier version 3.48-21 on 6 January 2016 19:04:40. There were some 404s (63 errors in total), so the copy isn't perfect, but it is as close as possible at the time it was downloaded. 99 links were scanned, and 8535 files were written (339MB overall (339264319 bytes)).

## Markdown Folder

The `markdown` folder contains pages from the `original` converted from HTML to markdown for improved layout and more consistent resulting HTML, and has the addition of 'mirrorer notes', which provide comments and more information. `markdown` is still meant to be a mirror where the original content is preserved, and any additions are clearly highlighted.  

The conversion includes a few formatting tweaks and proof reading. Any additions or subtractions from the text, other than spelling corrections, or images will be clearly marked, and access to the originals will be linked. Additionally:

- Any text with in `[]` has been added by the mirrorer, and was not written by Robert W. Gray.  
- Notes by the mirrorer are presented as 'Mirrorer note:' in a block quote.
- The only layout that has been altered is the navigation, everything else will remain the same.

For now only pages of particular interest will be converted to markdown, starting with `original/www.rwgrayprojects.com/rbfnotes/maps`, into folder [`markdown/rbf_notes/maps`](./markdown/rbf_notes/maps).

At some point the original website, and the markdown mirror may be converted to a GitHub pages website.

### Contributing

If any pages are of particular interest, please consider converting them and making a pull request.

A [template with general rules can be found here](./markdown/rbf_notes/maps/markdown_template.md "Markdown_Template").

The file structure and file names of the original website can be improved in some places.

- Any articles should be in their own folder.
  - Within that folder the main article page should be called `README.md`, and will usually be a table of contents.
  - Pages of the article should be in the same folder as the main `README.md` file of the article.
  - There should also be an `images` folder which should have its own `README.md` file where all the images should be listed with a description. This is especially useful for images that are only referenced by articles.
    - If an images is bigger than 50MB GitHub will not allow it, so they should be uploaded somewhere else such as Google Drive and linked in the images README.
    - Static gifs should be converted to PNGs.
- Folders and files, including images. should be `named_with_underscores_1`.

Eventually the process of conversion from HTML to markdown may be automated, and then the articles can just be proof-read with additional comments.

- - -

[Home](./markdown/README.md "Home") | README | Table of Contents

- - -
